Hi, my name is Kyler from BlockVenture.
I'm really excited
to be a part of the Spacemesh community
and seeing the project grow.
There's really two things
that drew me to the project.
One, the technology.
Everything they're doing
with Proof of Space Time
is truly revolutionary,
creating a more fairly mind crypto asset,
being at the heart of that.
The second thing being the community.
Just witnessing this early
rebellious group of psycho punks
come together,
and a bunch of dabs
creating this fairly mind, commissionless,
low barrier
to entry crypto asset.
I think
they're going to do a lot of big things
and I'm excited
to be a part of the community.